feat(processors.parser): Add strategy to merge parsed metric with parent individually (#18558)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/processors/parser/README.md

  ## Merge Behavior
  ## Possible options are:
  ##  - none: keep the newly parsed metrics as-is
  ##  - override: emit a single metric with all tags and fields of newly parsed
  ##    merged but retaining the first timestamp. If drop_original is
  ##    false, all metrics are merged into the original metric.
  ##    NOTE: Existing field or tag values will be overridden.
  ##  - override-with-timestamp: same as "override", but the timestamp is set
  ##    based on the new metrics if present.

>   ##  - parent: emit one metric per newly parsed metric with each newly parsed
>   ##    metric is merged individually into the parent metric keeping the parent
>   ##    timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ##  - parent: emit one metric per newly parsed metric where each newly parsed
  ##    metric is merged individually into the parent metric keeping the parent
  ##    timestamp.
```

This strategy will behave the same way as `override` but will also override the
timestamp with the one of the latest parsed metric.

#### `parent`

This strategy will merge each parsed metric into its parent individually, i.e.
the plugin will emit one metric per parsed metric containing the superset of

> all fields and tags of that parsed metric and its parent metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This strategy will merge each parsed metric into its parent individually, i.e.
the plugin will emit one metric per parsed metric containing the superset of
all fields and tags of the parsed metric and its parent metric.
```
